{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Semibold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 1. About Us
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Who founded Revelate? What\'92s the story?
\f1\b0 \
\
Revelate was founded by 
\f2\b Charlie Barmore, CPA
\f1\b0 , a financial professional and product builder who has spent the last decade working at the intersection of business, technology, and personal development.\
\
Revelate began as a personal tool. Charlie was frustrated by how fragmented reflection, faith, goal-setting, and decision-making had become\'97spread across notebooks, apps, and mental clutter. He wanted a single, intentional space to think clearly, journal honestly, and receive guidance grounded in truth rather than noise.\
\
What started as a private system evolved into Revelate: a guided journaling and reflection platform designed to help people slow down, think clearly, and align their actions with their values\'97using modern technology without losing depth or meaning.\
\

\f2\b Team
\f1\b0 \
\
Revelate is currently founder-led, with development support from a small group of independent designers and engineers. The product is intentionally built lean, focused, and user-first.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \

\f0\b\fs34 2. Our Mission
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Mission Statement
\f1\b0 \
\
Revelate exists to help people gain clarity, live intentionally, and make better decisions through guided reflection, journaling, and faith-anchored insight.\
\

\f2\b Core Values
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\'95	
\f2\b Clarity over noise
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li260\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We believe clarity compounds. Revelate is designed to reduce distraction, not add to it.\
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\'95	
\f2\b Intentional living
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li260\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Growth happens when reflection turns into action. Revelate bridges thought and behavior.\
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\'95	
\f2\b Truth-centered guidance
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li260\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Insight should be grounded, thoughtful, and trustworthy\'97not reactive or performative.\
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\'95	
\f2\b Modern tools, timeless principles
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li260\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We use technology to support reflection, not replace wisdom.\
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\'95	
\f2\b Privacy and respect
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li260\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Journaling is personal. User data and reflections are treated with care and discretion.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \

\f0\b\fs34 3. Contact
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
For general questions, support, or feedback:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Email:
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b info@revelateapp.com
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \

\f0\b\fs34 4. Press
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Press & Media
\f1\b0 \
\
Revelate is currently pre-launch / early-stage and has not yet been featured in major media outlets.\
\

\f2\b Press Inquiries & Media Kit
\f1\b0 \
\
For press inquiries, interviews, or media assets:\
\

\f2\b Email:
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b info@revelateapp.com
\f1\b0 \
\
A media kit (logos, screenshots, founder bio) will be available upon request.}